Day five of making Pixel Brawl. We've
got combat, AI, and knockback, but we've
been fighting in the void. So, today I'm
giving the game its first real stage.
Pixel Lab technically caps out at 400x
400 pixels. But if you stretch the
aspect ratio, you can fit a 16x9
background, like 496x
304. That's what we're using. I asked
ChatGpt to help me come up with
background ideas. Then I picked one and
jumped into a sprite. I went to Pixel
Lab's create map tool, pasted the
prompt, set the tile size to 32x32,
camera view to sidescroller, and hit
generate. A few seconds later, it spit
out a full scene that looked straight
out of an arcade fighter. I told Claude
to import the map into Ray as the
background and dropped both fighters in.
Same fight, completely new energy. Then
I went back to Pixel Lab's character
creator to make two extra animations, a
death animation and a taking punch
animation for both fighters. Told Claw
to import them and hook them into the
combat logic. Now when someone gets hit,
they actually react. And when they go
down, it feels clean. That's day five.
Our first real stage. Smoother combat
and better knockouts. What should we add
next? A new fighter, a new background,
new mechanics? Let me know in the
comments and come back for day